README.md, before:

# The `tlverse` handbook

[![Travis-CI Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tlverse/tlverse-handbook.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tlverse/tlverse-handbook)
Note: `travis-ci` currently deploys the developmental version of this workshop
handbook into the `gh-pages` branch of this repository, which is hosted by
GitHub Pages at https://tlverse.org/tlverse-handbook.

Welcome to the GitHub repository for an early draft of [**The Hitchhiker's
Guide to the `tlverse`, or a Targeted Learning Practitioner's
Handbook**](http://tlverse.org/tlverse-handbook), by Jeremy Coyle, Nima
Hejazi, Ivana Malenica, Rachael Phillips, Alan Hubbard, and Mark van der
Laan. This is very much a work-in-progress and updates are made available
frequently.

This work is built using RStudio's excellent
[`bookdown`](https://www.rstudio.com/resources/webinars/introducing-bookdown/)
R package; for more information on how to use `bookdown` see
[bookdown.org](https://bookdown.org/).

Please note that this work is written under a [Contributor Code of
Conduct](CONDUCT.md) and released under a [CC-BY-NC-SA
license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/us/). By
participating in this project (for example, by submitting a [pull
request](https://github.com/tlverse/tlverse-handbook/issues) with suggestions or
edits) you agree to abide by its terms.

Commit message:

update using latest book materials

README.md, after:

# The `tlverse` handbook

[![Travis-CI Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tlverse/tlverse-handbook.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tlverse/tlverse-handbook)
Note: `travis-ci` currently deploys the developmental version of this workshop
handbook into the `gh-pages` branch of this repository, which is hosted by
GitHub Pages at https://tlverse.org/tlverse-handbook.

The workshop materials are automatically built and deployed using
[Binder](https://github.com/jupyterhub/binderhub), which supports using R
and RStudio, with libraries pinned to a specific snapshot on
[MRAN](https://mran.microsoft.com/documents/rro/reproducibility). An
RStudio session, pre-loaded with all the materials, is available via
[![Binder](http://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](http://mybinder.org/v2/gh/tlverse/tlverse-handbook/master?urlpath=rstudio)

Welcome to the GitHub repository for an early draft of [**The Hitchhiker's
Guide to the `tlverse`, or a Targeted Learning Practitioner's
Handbook**](http://tlverse.org/tlverse-handbook), by Jeremy Coyle, Nima
Hejazi, Ivana Malenica, Rachael Phillips, Alan Hubbard, and Mark van der
Laan. This is very much a work-in-progress and updates are made available
frequently.

This work is built using RStudio's excellent
[`bookdown`](https://www.rstudio.com/resources/webinars/introducing-bookdown/)
R package; for more information on how to use `bookdown` see
[bookdown.org](https://bookdown.org/).

Please note that this work is written under a [Contributor Code of
Conduct](CONDUCT.md) and released under a [CC-BY-NC-SA
license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/us/). By
participating in this project (for example, by submitting a [pull
request](https://github.com/tlverse/tlverse-handbook/issues) with suggestions or
edits) you agree to abide by its terms.
